# Reliable and Energy Efficient Workflow Scheduling in Cloud Environment
Cloud computing is Internet-connected mode of supercomputing.It is a type of shared infrastructure, which simply puts the huge system pools together by using various means. It gives users a variety of storage, networking and computing resources in the cloud computing environment via Internet, users put a lot of information and accesses a lot of computing power with the help of its own computer.
Although the cloud makes processing quick, simple, and dynamic,still it is confronting various testing issues which should be examined. Cloud server needs a lot of energy. As indicated by Moore’s law,the quantity of semiconductors in a thick coordinated circuit expands twofold in 2 year intervals. This expanding number of semiconductors brings about an increment in power utilization which creates a lot of heat in servers.This leads to an increment in the cooling costs.Different other problems due to high energy utilization cause failure in system’s execution, dependability issues, and deplorable effects on the climate. In this way, decreasing power utilization is consistently one major area on which research focuses at this point of time. Cloud computing is also employed to perform several operations which are time critical in nature such as banking , IoT and in upcoming future it might also be used in self driving vehicles. All such things are very time critical and the reliability required to perform them needs to be at a very significant level. So , while keeping in mind the reduction in energy consumption , we also need to focus on maximizing the reliability of our system. But, both of these factors i.e. energy minimization and reliability maximization are conflicting in nature which has been explained in the later part of this paper. So, it becomes quite challenging to achieve both of these goals simultaneously.
REEWS algorithms helps us in targetting both of these issues.
In this work I have tried to do a certain amount of improvement to the existing REEWS algorithm to make it some more energy efficient.
 
Theory,improvements,results and future work are there in the attached pdf.
